.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CAINFO 1 "April 17, 2006"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
cainfo \- display information about channel access process variables
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cainfo
.RI [ options ] " PV" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cainfo
displays information about one or more Channel Access (CA) Process Variables
(PVs).  It may also be used to display detailed CA diagnostics.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
display usage information and exit
.TP
.BI \-s " LEVEL"
output CA diagnostics by calling
.B ca_client_status()
with the specified interest level
.TP
.BI \-w " N"
use a CA timeout of N seconds
.SH PV INFORMATION
Unless the
.B \-s
option is used,
.B cainfo
outputs the following information for each PV.
.PP
.TP
.B State
The connection state of the PV (never connected, previously connected,
connected, closed).
.TP
.B Host
The name of the host to which the PV's channel is currently connected.
.TP
.B Access
Whether this PV may be read from or written to.
.TP
.B Data type
The remote and native DBR types of this PV.
.TP
.B Element count
The number of elements in this PV's array.
.SH SEE ALSO
The DBR types and 
.B ca_client_status()
function are fully documented in the
.IR "EPICS R3.14 Channel Access Reference Manual" ,
which is included in the
.B epics3.14-doc
Debian package.
.SH AUTHOR
EPICS was collaboratively developed by Los Alamos National Laboratory, Argonne
National Laboratory, and numerous other inividuals and organizations.
.PP
This manual page was written by Ken McIvor <mcivor@iit.edu>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
