.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CAREPEATER 8 "April 17, 2006"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
caRepeater \- channel access beacon multiplexer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B caRepeater
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B caRepeater
listens for the beacons broadcast by Channel Access (CA) servers over UDP and
retransmits them to local CA clients.  Only one instance of
.B caRepeater
may be run on a host; additional instances will exit silently.  Once started,
.B caRepeater
runs continuously.
.SH OPTIONS
This program takes no command line options or arguments.
.SH SEE ALSO
This program is fully documented in the
.IR "EPICS R3.14 Channel Access Reference Manual" ,
which is included in the
.B epics3.14-doc
Debian package.
.SH AUTHOR
EPICS was collaboratively developed by Los Alamos National Laboratory, Argonne
National Laboratory, and numerous other inividuals and organizations.
.PP
This manual page was written by Ken McIvor <mcivor@iit.edu>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
