.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\" 
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.TH "CASW" "1" "June 3, 2025" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
casw \- Channel Access Server "beacon anomaly" logging
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B casw
.RI [-i\ <interest level>]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B casw
detects CA server beacon anomalies, which occur when a
new server joins the network, a server is rebooted,
network connectivity to a server is reestablished,
or if a server’s CPU exits a CPU load saturated state.
.sp 1
CA clients with unresolved channels reset their search request scheduling
timers whenever they see a beacon anomaly.
.sp 1
This program can be used to detect situations where there are too many
beacon anomalies. IP routing configuration problems may result in false 
beacon anomalies that might cause CA clients to use unnecessary additional 
network bandwidth and server CPU load when searching for unresolved channels.
.sp 1
If there are no new CA servers appearing on the network, and network 
connectivity remains constant, then casw should print no messages at all.
At higher interest levels the program prints a message for every
beacon that is received, and anomalous entries are flagged with a star.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.B -i <interest level>
Set the verbosity of the output. Higher levels produce more output.
"
