.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\" 
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.TH "IOCLOGSERVER" "1" "June 3, 2025" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
iocLogServer \- receives messages for all 
.B iocLogClient
s in the local area network
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B iocLogServer

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B iocLogServer
is 
.B DEPRECATED
and will be removed in future releases. Consider using other logging solutions
such as
.B logstash or
.B graylog
instead.
.sp 1
.B iocLogServer 
runs on a host. It receives messages for all enabled iocLogClients in the local
area network. The messages are written to a file.
.sp 1
To start a log server on a UNIX or PC workstation you must first set the
following environment variables and then run the executable iocLogServer
on your PC or UNIX workstation.
.sp 1
.TP
.B EPICS_IOC_LOG_FILE_NAME
.sp 1
The name and path to the log file.
.sp 1
.TP
.B EPICS_IOC_LOG_FILE_LIMIT
.sp 1
The maximum size in characters for the log file. If the file grows larger than
this limit the server will seek back to the beginning of the file and write
new messages over the old messages starting from the beginning.
If the value is zero then there is no limit on the size of the log file.
.sp 1
.TP
.B EPICS_IOC_LOG_FILE_COMMAND
.sp 1
A shell command string used to obtain the log file path name during
initialization and in response to SIGHUP. The new path name will
replace any path name supplied in
.B EPICS_IOC_LOG_FILE_NAME
.