.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\" 
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.TH "MSI" "1" "June 3, 2025" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
msi \- EPICS Macro Substitution and Include Tool
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B msi [\-V] [\-g] [\-o output_file] [\-I dir] [\-M subs] [\-S subfile] [template_file] 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B msi
is a general purpose macro substitution/include tool. It accepts as input an
ascii template file. It looks for lines containing two reserved command names:
.RI include
and
.RI substitute.
It also looks for and performs substitutions on macros of the form
.RI $(var)
and
.RI ${var}.
It uses the macLib routines from EPICS Base to perform the substitutions,
so it also accepts the default value and value definition syntax that
macLib implements.
.sp 1
msi also allows substitutions to be specified via a separate substitution file.
This substitution file allows the same format as the substitution files accepted
by the EPICS IOC’s dbLoadTemplate command.
.SH "OPTIONS"
All parameters are optional. The 
.B \-o, \-I, \-M,
and
.B \-S
switches may be separated from their associated value string by spaces if desired.
Output will be written to stdout unless the 
.B \-o option is given.
Switches have the following meanings:
.TP
.B \-V
Verbose warnings; if this parameter is specified then any undefined macro
discovered in the template file which does not have an associated default
value is considered an error. An error message is generated, and when msi
terminates it will do so with an exit status of 2.
.TP
.B \-g
When this flag is given, all macros defined in a substitution file will
have global scope and thus their values will persist until a new value is given
for this macro. This flag is provided for backwards compatibility as this was
the behavior of previous versions of msi, but it does not follow common scoping
rules and is discouraged.
.TP
.B \-o output_file
Output will be written to the specifed <file> rather than to the standard output.
.TP
.B \-I <dir1:dir2:...>
This parameter, which may be repeated or contain a colon-separated (or 
semi-colon separated on Windows) list of directory paths, specifies a search
path for include commands. For example:
.sp 1
.nf
msi \-I /home/mrk/examples:. \-I.. template
.fi
.sp 1
specifies that all named files should be searched for in the following
locations, in the order given:
.sp 1
.nf
\/home/mrk/examples
\&. (the current directory)
\&.. (the parent of the current directory)
.fi
.sp 1
Note that relative path searching is handled as
.sp 1
.nf
$ cat foo.substitutions
file rel/path/bar.template {
  # contents
}
$ msi -I . -I /some/path foo.substitutions
.fi
.sp 1
which will try to find 
.RI bar.template
at the path 
.RI ./rel/path/
followed by
.RI /some/path/rel/path.
.TP
.B \-M <substitutions>
This parameter specifies macro values for the template instance. Multiple macro
values can be specified in one substitution parameter, or in multiple 
\-M parameters. For example:
.sp 1
.nf
msi \-M "a=aval,b=bval" \-Mc=cval template
.fi
.sp 1
specifies that in the template file, each occurrence of:
.sp 1
.RS
.br
.ti -2
\[bu]
.RI $(a)
or
.RI ${a}
is replaced by
.RI aval
.ti -2
\[bu]
.RI $(b)
or
.RI ${b}
is replaced by
.RI bval
.ti -2
\[bu]
.RI $(c)
or
.RI ${c}
is replaced by
.RI cval
.TP
.B \-S <substitution_file>
The substitution file. see
.br
.nf
https://docs.epics-controls.org/projects/base/en/latest/msi.html#substitution-file-format
.fi
.br
for format details.
.TP
.B template_file
The input file. If no file is specified then input is taken from stdin, i.e.
msi can be used as a filter. See below for a description of commands that
can be embedded in the template file.

It is not possible to display usage by just typing msi since executing the
command with no arguments is a valid command. To show usage specify an illegal
switch, e.g.
.sp 1
.nf
msi \-h
.fi
.sp 1

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.RS
.br
.ti -2
\[bu]
.B 0
Success.
.br
.ti -2
\[bu]
.B 1
Can’t open/create file, or other I/O error.
.br
.ti -2
\[bu]
.B 2
Undefined macros encountered with the -V option specified.